Fuck you too.
The public was poisoned.
That's right.
Dr. Choi has put chronic toxins into your ylang pollen.
You poisoned me with that doctor.
I want to see the Emperor.
Your Majesty.
The Queen
The king does not want to see you now.
He hates you.
Disgusting.
There is no way that the emperor can please me.
Love me
Haha.
Your grace.
Love you.
It's all for the Northern General to see.
Do you see what's in this perfume bag?
They're all birth control pills.
Oral contraceptives
It's because of these things that you shut up.
You're pregnant with that nerd who's not a man or a woman.
How could Your Majesty do that to me?
You want that cruel angel.
How's it going?
In addition
You do a lot of bad things.
Death is not a pity.
Ha ha ha ha ha
Master, why did the emperor come?
The North Korean general took military power.
Your Majesty must be under the pressure of General Zhen Bac.
So you decided you wanted to forgive that woman?
Do you know wrong?
Your Majesty, you're here.
You're still coming to visit me.
Our child.
Our child is gone.
Don't tell me about that monster.
If you really know wrong
I can see it on General Zhen Bac's face.
Let you go.
Let me out.
When will you forgive me for my brother?
It's all because of you.
Our children turn into monsters.
I hate you.
You already know
What are you doing?
I want you.
And our child.
Getting married in hell.
What are you doing?
Let me go, you idiot.
Help!